welcome to Srinagar space today we are
going to make Hortons or vegetable soup
for making vegetable soup we need
vegetable stock first we will see how to
make vegetable stock the Indian sir chop
the cabbage a small piece chopped onion
1 a small capsicum 1 carrot 1 green
chilli chopped tomato 1 the early close
5 or 6 numbers some spring on N 1 bay
leaf pepper powder 1 TSP water 4 cups
and a little salt transfer all the
vegetables into a pressure cooker
and add pepper powder salt
and water
cook this till three missiles
the pressure has come down now strain it
the vegetable stock is ready now let us
have a look at the other Indians finely
chopped on n 2 tbsp finely chopped and
beans 2 tbsp finely chopped the carrot 2
tbsp chopped the cabbage 2 tbsp chopped
capsicum or bell pepper 2 tbsp chopped
spring on N 2 tbsp finely chopped garlic
2 tbsp finely chopped ginger 1 tbsp
pepper powder 1/2 a TSP sugar 1 TSP corn
flour 2 and off tbsp dark soya sauce 2
and 1/2 tbsp green chilli sauce 1 tbsp
vinegar 1 TSP oil 1 tbsp water 1/2 a cup
and a little salt pour water into the
cornflour mix well and keep it aside
heat oil in a pan and fry garlic for 1
minute now add ginger and fry this also
for 1 minute
it's time for us to add chopped onion
and fry this till it becomes light job
the color has changed now add beans
carriage
try this for sometime and add spring on
in
so I thought
Green Khalifa
because that
stairwell and add chopped the capsicum
cabbage
and salt
mix well
we have already mixed cornflour in water
now add it into the soup
mix well
boil this for two minutes and turn off
the flame
now add pepper powder and vinegar
you
mix well
garnish with spring onion and serve hot
hortence or vegetable soup is ready try
this and give us a feedback